Hi, Mrs.
Customer.
What can I help you find today?
I'm looking for a case for this phone.
Sure thing.
So how long have you had your phone?
It's been about a year, so not too long.
So was that the last time
you had a free account analysis?
Yeah, that sounds right.
Well, let me do that today.
It'll only take a couple of minutes
to see if we can save you money.
Oh, are you looking for a charging cable?
I can help with that.
What phone do you have?
Yes, thank you so much.
I've got this phone.
Oh, that's a super popular one right now.
Are you enjoying it?
I actually got it here a couple months
ago, but it's been great so far.
Oh, yeah.
We had some great deals going on then.
Did everyone on your plan get to take.
So who got stuck keeping their old device?
Oh, my husband did,
but he's next on the list.
Well, let me pull up your account
and see what deals we have available.
It'll only take a couple of minutes.